2. You get 0 as the balance has been taken as the cost of the printed ticket.

3. Let's say a ticket cost 15 cents. if you insert 30 cents you get 1 ticket and no 15 cent refund.
If you don't put enough money, the ticket still prints as there isn't a if statement checking if 
the balance is equal to the price thast is set.

5. The ticket that is printed isn't any different than the first TicketMachine.

7. If you remove class from the line public class TicketMachine, the Editor sends
 an error and requests a class,record,enum or interface. The class diagram becomes overlayed with red X's,
 meaning it is unable to compile.
 
 You get different error messages depending on the type of error that is being reviewed. I personally don't think 
 the error messages communicate enough to the user, especially if they are new to programming.
 
 8. It is possible to remove the public in TicketMachine and compile it. If you remove class,
 it is not possible to compile.

 10. Field names : Price, Balance and Total.
Constructors : public TicketMachine(int cost).
Methods : TicketMachine(int cost),getPrice(), getBalance(), insertMoney(int Amount), printTicket().

11. Methods have a return type but a constructor cannot have one. The word class and it being outside
of the bracket also distinguishes it from methods.

12. 1. int.
	2.Student.
	3.Server.

13.
	1. Alive.
	2. Tutor.
	3. Game.

14.


15. Yes it gives an error as the identifier is always expected first with the type right after and
the field name last.

16. Yes a semicolon is always required for field declarations.

17. private int status; then give a value of type int to Status.

18. To the Student class.

19. It has two parameters. The types are String and double.

20. The parameters are there for the user to fill out when calling out the method.
String for title, double for price, int for ISBN.
We know that there names and their types that's about it.

21.
public class Pet {
	private String name;
public Pet(String PetsName) {
name = PetsName;
}
}

22. public Date(String Month, int Day, int Year)

23. The only thing that varies is the words Balance and Price.

24. "How much money has the machine been given".

25. No since only the name of the method has been changed and when we run the program,
the computer is still gonna look for the value associated with balance, which follows the logic of the code.

27. It gives a message saying that a return statement is expected.

28. The difference between both are the return types for the print method its void 
but can't be the same for a getPrice method since it's expecting 
to return an integer

29. void does not have  return type compared to int.

31. 
public void increaseScore(int points) {
Total = points + score
System.out.println(Total);
}

32. It is a mutator method.

33.
public void discount(int amount) {
Price = price - amount;
}

34.
public int Age(int currentAge){
	return currentAge;
}

35.
public boolean alive(){
return alive;
}

36. it stays at 0 an does not update the price value anymore.

37. "My cat has green eyes."

39. They would all print out as strings.

40. Would print "# price cents"

42. It returns 0 but im pretty sure i should be getting the same value that the parameter.

43. Gives me a illegal character error. It's basically a formatted version of the old print statement.

44. Doesn't ask for a price sinc one is already set.

45. One asks for amount the other doesn't.

46. Does not take parameters and it is a mutator method.

PROJECT 3 :


47. I don't think the balance changes if an error pops up as the program hasn't run fully. If I enter the 
value 0 nothing should change in the balance field. It asked me for a positive amount rather than 0.

48. It now accepts 0 as a value because of the >=0.


50. yes because the circle is either visible(true) or invisible (false).

51. in BetterTicketMachine, the balance and amount fields only print if the amount is greater than 0 while the Naive one doesn't chek for that.

52. The class still compiles, It now prints whenever and partially works as an if statement since if the first value is false it wont go to the
 else part.

53. No because the checks are still there for negative amounts so when we would get below 0 it would make a error trigger.

55. saving = price * discount;

56.mean = total / count;

57. 
public void affordable(int budget) {
	if (budget<=price) {
	System.out.println("This price isn't affordable for our budget");
} else {
	System.out.println("The budget of is over the price.");
}
}
58.
public void affordable(int budget) {
	if (budget<=price) {
	System.out.println("This price isn't affordable for our budget of " + budget);
} else {
	System.out.println("The budget of is over the price.");
}
}
59. The written method only returns balance as 0 while the method in the class shows declaration of the amount
to refund and associates it with the amount of money that had been inserted before the refund request.

60. returning something before updating is value isn't the best thing to do but an error also pops
up saying unreachable statement.

61. int price should only be price. It compiles but there isn't any fields at all. I cannot tell you why 
this is maybe the int at the start trigger it to not show any fields.